The battle field consists of the main battle screen, four panel on the left namely: Map, Data, Options, Menu.

Map area will display a thumbnail of entire map, current view of map is displayed inside a square on thumbnail. And player can click on thumbnail to bring their view to destination point. So player can have a general idea about the whole battle field.

Data area will display information of current game namely: current player's resources and their ammount, game status including eclapsed time since started, current turn number and which player's which phase, which player is defeated or surrender etc.

Options area will display information about current selected unit. For examplt: if a villager is selected, how many gold it costs each turn, how many gold he mined, how many buildings it construced etc. will be displayed.

Menu area will be a clickable area. After click on it, a popup menu will appear and allow player to Save/Load/Exit game and modify some settings if applicable. The popup menu can be closed by ESC or a cross "cancel" buttom (didn't show it in sketch). 

<<<<<<< HEAD
Main battle screen shows part of the whole map, and this is the place where players can operate with their units and territories. Player can put their crusor near edge of battle screen and the view will moved according to crusor's direction. 
Different players' units will be marked with a color assigned at the lobby. During the texture mapping time, we plan to have different color to decoration each unit. For example, a Knight belongs to PlayerGreen will have a helmet with green pieces and his horse will have green decorated armor. A villiage belongs to PlayerGreen will have a green flag etc.
=======
Main battle screen shows part of the whole map, and this is the place where players can operate with their units and territories. Different players' units will be marked with a color assigned at the lobby. During the texture mapping time, we plan to have different color to decoration each unit. For example, a Knight belongs to PlayerGreen will have a helmet with green pieces and his horse will have green decorated armor. A villiage belongs to PlayerGreen will have a green flag etc.
>>>>>>> FETCH_HEAD
To do operation on a unit, player need to click on that unit and a circle with operations will appear. Player can now select what operation they want on this unit like "attack" or "merge". If player choose "trangle" which represent "build", a panel will come up to show which building to contruct.
