The user starts by accessing the login screen.
He can choose options (sound settings etc..), visit the website, exit.
Once logged in he is directed to a main screen where he has access to four lobbies:
Create Lobby, Join Lobby, Single Player Lobby, Saved Game Lobby.

* Login:
	To play this game, the user must log in.
	On the side, the user can select website to get more information about the game, option to fiddle with sound/graphics, or exit the gagame.
	After login in, it will bring you to the main page
	
* Main:
	You have four main buttons on this screen: Single Player, Create lobby, Join lobby, Saved Games
	The option button is there for functions such as: exit game, settings (sound/graphics,etc), tutorials, website, etc
	The box next to option can display player information (logged in as)
	The Plyaers Online box displays all the players online on this server
	The chatbox can be seperate in different tabs, the "Main Tab" will have all the online players connected and they can communicate through this tab

* Create:
	Allows users to decide on settings for his game. 
	Which map, number of human and/or computer players, game mode, etc....
	After deciding on your settings, press "Create Lobby" and it will bring you to an active lobby.
	
* Active Lobby:
	When a player joins this lobby (including the host that made the lobby), they appear on the Players Online list
	A player can then join a slot if they wish to play.
	If a player is in a slot, he can either be ready or unready.
	A slot can either be taken, free or closed.
	When every slot is ready or closed, then the game can start (brings you ingame)
	
* Join:
	User can see which lobbys are active and can join one that fits his settings.
	After pressing on "Join lobby", you will be connected to the active lobby.

* Saved:
	Lobby wich returns  a list of the users saved games and states.
	After you press "Load game" you will be directed to a Saved Lobby.
	
* Saved Lobby(Idle Lobby):
	In this lobby, the settings are already predefined from the moment you saved the game.
	To start this game, every player that was present during savetime but be in a slot and ready.

* Single:
	The player can set the settings for his single player game
	Pressing "Create lobby" will bring you to a new active lobby (single)
	
* Single Active Lobby:(same as Active Lobby)
	This special kind of lobby does not allow other people to join your lobby.
	You can add computers on each slot (at least one).
	When every slot is taken(ready) or closed, then you can start the game.
	
After progressing through the lobby they're taken ingame once the players are ready
